CLI-3541: Update TF docs to indicate how to configure configs at the global context level (#666)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: docs/resources/confluent_schema_registry_cluster_config.md

!> **Warning:** Use Option #2 to avoid exposing sensitive `credentials` value in a state file. When using Option #1, Terraform doesn't encrypt the sensitive `credentials` value of the `confluent_schema_registry_cluster_config` resource, so you must keep your state file secure to avoid exposing it. Refer to the [Terraform documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/state/sensitive-data.html) to learn more about securing your state file.

> -> **Note:** To configure config at the context level, affecting all subjects created within that context, use `confluent_subject_config` [resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/confluentinc/confluent/latest/docs/resources/confluent_subject_config) instead.

Reviewer: Nit just for better UX (in case someone doesn't wanna click to a new page)
```suggestion
-> **Note:** To configure config at the context level, affecting all subjects created within that context, use `confluent_subject_config` [resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/confluentinc/confluent/latest/docs/resources/confluent_subject_config) and pass in the context name as the `subject_name`.
```

Author: That's a great catch! I applied this suggestion with a minor update 👍
